etq generator model numbered beast DG 7
2 5 0 le see it's just got 42 hours on
the hour meter it's in excellent
condition mostly it's been covered up
riding on our trailer behind our RV I'm
going to do a cold start demonstration
that's the compression release and I'll
show you how to start that in a minute
but I'll do a quick walk around real
quick and I'll start it with both the
battery and pull started but I'll I'll
pull start it first great shape we just
don't need a generator this large and
where it's a diesel it is not really
conducive to use in campgrounds or
wherever we may be due to the noise it's
about the same noise level as
gas generators the same size that aren't
like the super quiet Honda's or
something like that but it works great
it's got 20 amp to 20 or 25 amp one 120
outlets and circuit breaker and voltage
gauge that you can see working when it's
being used and then this is a push that
with the key in the on position and it
is a intake air heater but it starts
really well in cold weather we've
started it down around 10 degrees and I
pull started it just to see how it would
work can't work fine but to start it you
just flip this lever to run turn the key
on and then I'll show you the rest while
my wife is filming
I'm full starting it with a cool
afflictive fuel ever to run and then
turn the key to the on position and then
the full started you pull the rope until
you hit compression and push down on the
compression release
it's got a lot of compression you can
see that with bouncing so hard when it
stops now for the electric starch you
can see when I turn this off it
automatically keeps the the run lever
over to the stop it's got a solenoid on
it so to start it you don't have to use
the compression release if it's a warmer
day if it's really cold you'll want to
pull the rope to get it to compression
push that down and then use the starter
but today it shouldn't start just fine
without pulling the thing and if you
want to use the intake air heater you
can push this and hold it in for 10 or
20 seconds
so since we're in a campground I don't
really want to run it any longer than
that due to the noise but you can hear
how loud it is this would be great for a
home backup generator due to the higher
power could be good for a construction
site or whatever just because the
longevity of the engines with it being
the diesel and everything just 42 hours
on it right now